Microsoft invents thin clients Google
might have to split off chrome and AMD
is going to split into the phone market
let's get in the hot news everybody I'm
your Brett host we're going to be going
over the hottest Tech news I can find on
the internet while you enjoy your
breakfast this Wednesday November 20th
2024 we're going to start off today
talking about Microsoft's they had a big
event yesterday and they got the
attention of people with their new
Windows 365 link desktop PC this little
guy is going to cost $34 9 and it
doesn't run anything locally it does
connect to Windows 365 in the cloud but
not actually uh being powered anything
on the device itself it has a whole host
of IO has an important ethernet port it
can connect to various things Tom's
Hardware says that it doesn't come with
storage which isn't quite true but it
has 8 gigs of RAM 64 gigs of storage and
an undisclosed Intel CPU to allow it to
connect to the cloud and run everything
that Microsoft wants you to have at your
fingertips so that you can uh be trapped
into their Windows ecosystem completely
it only has Wi-Fi 6E and Bluetooth 5.3
not Wi-Fi 7 but it has three usba a
ports a USBC Port so that you can
connect all the various different
dongles and witch wch that you want to
put on the PC itself but it's a tiny
little small PC costing
$349 uh Microsoft could uh priced it at
365 that was a good joke that video
cards made in their article covering
this but it's supposed to come out in
April of 2025 and everything that I've
read about this is that it's an RDP
client to connect to an Azure server so
it's not anything revolutionary thin
clients have been around forever it's
just that this is now going to be
connecting to Windows in the cloud
specifically and not meant to do
anything else it's not meant to run
local apps now does that mean that you
can't find a way to hack it and put
something like a different operating
system on it probably not I'm sure
people might pick this up and Tinker
with it in order to
uh have it run things locally but it
does look like it's going to be
underpowered for doing anything
substantial and so it's just it's weird
comes in at a weird price too
$349 is uh quite expensive for what
they're offering here especially when
you compare it to what Apple just
released earlier this month with the new
Mac Mini that's a 10 core CPU 10 core
GPU 16 core neural Processing Unit 16
gigs of RAM a 256 gig SSD has gigabit
ethernet three Thunderbolt four ports an
HDMI port two USBC ports in the front a
headphone jack and that all goes for
$5.99 $250 More Than This 365 link
unless you have an education discount in
which case it's $4.99 which makes it
only $150 more than the Windows 365 link
but it's just there's a better value
Mini PC out there where it's like I I
don't know that the 365 link does a
whole lot that makes a whole lot of
sense unless I'm missing a use case for
it but with this Microsoft also rolled
out a new uh logo for Microsoft 365 with
co-pilot and it's that they just slapped
M365 on it and that's that's great
graphic design it's my passion well done
Microsoft but in case you want to build
a real computer for yourself and not
just uh be at The Whimsy of a tiny
little device that can't do nothing you
should check out today's video sponsor I
want to take a little time to talk about
a really nice PC case from Silverstone
who also happens to be sponsoring this
video here's the Farah 51 5xr this case
has great bang for the buck starting at
$68 for the Black Version and $75 for
the White Version both come fully
equipped with four rainbow 120 mm fans
out of the box so no need to spend more
money to upgrade cooling like you have
to do with most budget-minded cases
rainbow fans are not RGB they
automatically cycle through all colors
whenever powered on this case is packed
with other premium features though such
as vibration damping hard drive trays
thumb screws for 2 and 1/2 in mounts
side panels and foam padding for the
power supply if you're tired of
oversized towers and just want something
that is Affordable to build your gaming
PC in the Farah 515 XR from Silverstone
is a great choice you can check them out
for yourself via the link in the
description below big thanks to
Silverstone for sponsoring today's video
just like Silverstone is an important
part of ufd Tech History they are our
first uh case that we built in here on
this channel they've been sponsoring us
for a while Google Chrome is also a big
part of Google however it appears that
the Department of Justice in the United
States thinks it's too much of a part of
it and so they're proposing that
potentially Chrome gets divested from
the main Google company this is
happening after a judge in the US has
called Google a monopolis and saying
that it used its Monopoly Power by
charging supera competitive prices for
General search text ads and that
essentially they violated antitrust and
they need to have some sort of
mitigation to break up this giant
conglomeration that is Google Google
says that the government putting its
thumbs on the scale in these ways would
harm consumers developers and American
technological leadership at precisely
the moment it's most needed but it
seemed like the various different things
that could potentially be suggested a
lot of people are focusing on the Chrome
thing but there's a wide range of
options that could potentially go
through with the the US government here
number one is nothing and things could
uh not not change at all number two is
things like Android has to be divested
not just Chrome but the Android
smartphone operating system has to be
completely different than what Google
offers additionally splitting off chrome
is one of those things but Bloomberg
reported that that's only going to be an
option to be used if other nonstructural
remedies fail so essentially the idea is
they're trying to make sure that Google
doesn't use its fingers and all these
pies to force everybody to pay more
prices for search or various other
platform fees that they charge for
things like Google Play on the Android
store all of that that's been going down
in the EU that's kind of at play here
and so the idea is that Google needs to
stop doing that and there's various
different strategies to accomplish that
and now we're in the process of figuring
out what that could potentially be and
part of that could be Chrome becomes its
own company gets acquired by somebody
else who knows how that they're going to
run that gamut but we'll keep you
updated as we get more details on that
moving forward and Reese is moving
forward with some deals for you yo
welcome back to yft Deals bringing the
hottest take deals out on the internet
it is Wednesday my dudes and I have a
couple of deals for you today starting
off with this Kola masterer Cube 500
flatback this midtower ATX case is
available in their macron colorway for
only $79.99 with the coupon applied
making it $20 off I think these things
are really cool I mean it also it comes
flat packed and you just have to build
it yourself but then on the other side
of things we have this azck Phantom
gaming 34in 1440p 165 HZ Ultra wide
1,500 R curved VA gaming monitor going
for 19877 making it $1
18122 off but then Shifting the Spectrum
to something productivity focused you
can grab this Acer 27in 4K 60 HZ monitor
featuring 99% srgb color coverage and a
Delta e score of less than one for those
wondering that means color accuracy
these things very good you can pick it
up for only $199.99 making it $60 off
and hey with that the deals are done you
can find these Amo Linked In the video
description down below but until next
time going hand you off back to Brett
for the rest of hot news cheers well ree
we've got a clear idea of what the deal
is going to be with the Next Generation
AMD gpus a well-known leaker coming out
and talking about how we're at the end
of R DNA these next Generation RX 8000
gpus that we're expecting to come out in
January are going to be the last rdna
gpus r DNA 5 is not going to exist RX
9000 instead is going to be based on a
udna GPU which is something that AMD has
already talked about it's their unified
architecture because currently they have
R DNA for the consumer in gaming they
have cdna for the cloud and the compute
and the high-powered servers and so
they're looking to unify it so that it's
one architecture that scales from the
bottom all the way to the top so instead
of being rdna 5 it's going to be udna
and that's the general idea with RX 9000
also with this rumor it's indicating
that the PlayStation 6 will use udna
instead of rdna 4 but it also says very
strangely that the CPU might be Zen 4 or
Zen 5 which I don't buy simply because
when the PlayStation 5 came out that was
using Zen 2 Hardware which was the
bleeding architecture at the time we're
nowhere near the launch of the
PlayStation 6 I would expect that we
have two three more years with the
PlayStation 5 Pro looking at a 2028
launch for the PlayStation six which
means we should be likely on Zen 6 Zen 7
by that point and I would think that
they would use that architecture so Zen
4 and Zen 5 doesn't quite make sense in
the reality of what I'm looking at here
but additionally Sony's handheld that
they're expected to come out with is
supposed to use AMD Hardware Microsoft's
not quite sure they might go with
Qualcomm and that's kind of it it's just
the details of how they might be moving
forward and how they're changing their
understanding of their architecture but
we might need to change our
understanding of what AMD is involved in
obviously they're making money hand over
fist in the server cloud Compu
environment with AI they're trying with
gaming and making consoles and all that
stuff but it turns out that they might
be looking to get into smartphones a
little bit more than they have in the
past so this is coming out from
smartphone magazine where they discuss
the fact that AMD might be looking to
leverage the ryzen AI s so's the things
that were now getting in their laptops
and otherwise to potentially be low
powerered versions that could go into
phones moving forward to compete against
Qualcomm in mediatech which are both
companies that are looking to enter the
PC space we've obviously seen the
Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite chips come
in with Windows on arm they didn't make
a huge Splash but they exist and they're
working on it and then you have
mediatech who's also Arm based is
allegedly going to be partnering up with
Nvidia to come out with their own thing
so they're alleging that AMD is actually
going to go the opposite route where
they're already in the PC industry now
they're going to step on down to the
smartphone industry this is a tricky one
especially considering the fact that AMD
already kind of is involved in the
smartphone industry they've partnered
with Samsung to put their rdna
architecture on some of the exos S so's
and they haven't really been well
received they've been too power hungry
they've been too hot in terms of
thermals and it's just kind of not been
good overall but maybe that could change
if AMD puts a concerted focus on making
their own smartphone s so's and this
could just be a great transition into
the cross leveraging of everybody
getting into their very ious different
fields arm going into PC and then x86
companies going into uh smartphones and
it could transition that way I wouldn't
put a ton of stock in this especially
because there's no real timeline given
from this rumor here but it does
indicate that AMD is Thinking Beyond
just where they are right now and
potentially might have uh changes coming
for us in the future and let's see if
you guys changed at all in the comments
from yesterday's episode of hot news we
got Scarfo saying so hot take with the
Blackwell gpus is getting spicy and
crypto again do we now use the 90 as a
space heater again as much as I uh I'm
not going to give my opinion on crypto
here but I am in favor if you are going
to use a space heater uh running your PC
as a space heater mining crypto does
make some form of economical sense
because you're drawing similar amounts
of power especially if it's a high-end
GPU but then it's actually getting
converted into something that you could
reward yourself monetarily with whereas
uh space heater is just heating you up
you could po po get some extra benefits
from doing it I'm not necessarily
against heating up your room uh doing
crypto mining I think it's I think it's
a all right idea then over on YouTube Q
Daniel saying Intel 3D vcash is good for
gaming but not much for applications so
we will implement it but only on server
CPUs sorry Intel but your reasoning
confuses me it did for me as well but I
I think the subtext in what was being
said in that interview is that the uh
architecture base in Zeon chips uh is
better set up to Leverage uh Niche
applications like 3D vcash in a way that
can be effective and they can better
product segmen tize it whereas uh they
can't have as many segments in the
consumer PC industry so I know it it
reads funny but I think I think the idea
is right from what they're saying
obviously I don't agree with the
assessment that they shouldn't do gaming
but uh I think that's why they indicated
servers make more sense there's more
product segmentation uh there's more um
separation that they can do with their
tile architecture to make that happen
then fiery Phoenix calling me out saying
at 59 seconds you say battle mage
instead of Blackwell by the way I did I
did it's confusing sometimes my mouth
slipped I talked about both yesterday
and I I apologize it's it's hard for me
to keep it straight I will I will keep
trying to say the right company's names
code names correctly and then Maxim
saying that Intel versus AMD chart is
really scary not going to lie I it is
but also it is uh simply a chart from
one retailer in one country in one
section of the world so it's not
representative of AMD and Intel's total
market share it's just the current sales
process and part of that might also be
because uh I don't know if you've tried
to get a Core Ultra 928 5K but they're
not easily in stock right now so that
could be one of the reasons why the
sales are down is because the new thing
that Intel launched isn't even in
anybody's inventory so it makes it
difficult to sell it and whereas AMD has
inventory so that's part of it and then
if you look at total market share of
desktop CPUs Intel is still number one
they have the vast majority of desktop
CPUs especially because they're in oems
and pre-builts and all that kind of
stuff and then we got an Endor meme uh
with some huge copium and man I wish I
had your enthusiasm for the future
saying Intel battle mage will be 15%
faster than the RTX 490 and cost $799
and it will use only 220 Watts
man I wish I could be you what a thought
oh man I wish I could believe that and
then we got drub saying the real reason
why Intel hadn't adopted 3D vcash yet is
because before a lake in's monolithic
architecture was not bottlenecked by its
connection to the IOD die which is
called the infinity fabric by AMD so one
actually have benefited their CPUs to
have the 3D vcash technology but now
that Intel has moved to chiplet design
which they're calling fos by Intel their
IO would be similarly bottleneck like
the ryzen CPUs but since this is
essentially their first time doing it on
desktop it's going to take them sometime
to figure out how exactly they're going
to implement the 3D vcash and the fos
chiplet design yeah their tile based
architecture is a big uh departure from
things that have happened previously and
I think that's probably part of it is
just it's it's an engineering challenge
it's uh it's engineering more than it is
marketing and segmentation but um I I
don't think that's good PR for them to
come out and say hey uh we haven't quite
figured out how to make it work whereas
like obviously amd's figured out how to
make it work and you can't ever admit
that you might have some challenges with
engineering like we saw this with
Intel's move to 10 nanometers they just
kept delaying it but they couldn't come
out and just like outrightly admit we
don't know how to get this working they
just kept pushing back the launch of it
and they just kind of skirted around the
idea that hey we're having an
engineering complication for our Fabs
and for our architecture and it's just
it's not we can't make it we don't know
how to make it we can't figure it out
which is essentially what ended up
happening at the end of the day which
sucks right like you have some of the
world's most intelligent most skilled
most devoted Engineers working on these
problems and then to come out and be
like hey we actually can't launch this
thing that we thought we could uh it's a
big let down overall uh and it's just
bad marketing to say that even with all
these resources we're not going to be
able to achieve what we thought we could
achieve so I get it it's It's Tricky and
then we got Ryan lock saying Reese
without a hoodies is he sick no I think
he's fine
I don't know man doesn't always have to
wear a hoodie and I don't always have to
be here I'm going to be back tomorrow
for more of the host Tech news maybe
we'll see how it goes
[Music]